WIP: Add person processing options to docs (#8098)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/data/persons.mdx

## Deleting person data with the API

You can also delete persons data via the API. See the [Data Deletion docs](/docs/privacy/data-deletion) for more information.

## Events with person processing

> By default all events create or update an associated person profile (see above). This allows for the following features:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Events with person processing create or update an associated person profile (see above). This allows for the following features:
```

- Person profiles
- Filtering on person properties
- Merging identities across distinct_ids (ie merging anonymous users with your logged in user)
- Cohort creation
- Feature flag targeting on properties
- Tracking initial UTM tags and referrers over time

However, there are many usecases that don't require this person processing. Because events that don't do person processing are cheaper for us to ingest, the pricing for these events is lower.

Some examples of usecases that often don't require user profiles
- Tracking a marketing website
- B2C apps where users don't sign up or log in

> - High volume API server events
> 
> ### PostHog-js

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- High volume API server events

> For backward compatibility reasons, and to make sure we don't drop person information accidentally, processing events with persons is the default for configs without any option set. 

### PostHog-js
```

I want to very explicitly state why the more expensive type is the default, when our pricing treats the less expensive option (personless) as the default.

You can control whether events from PostHog-js have person processing enabled with the `process_persons` config setting. There are three options:

- `process_persons: 'always'` _(default)_ - we will process persons data for all events
- `process_persons: 'never'` - we won't process persons for any event. This means that anonymous users will not be merged once they sign up or login, so you lose the ability to create funnels that track users from anonyomous to identified. All events (including `$identify`) will be sent with `$process_persons: False`.

> - `process_persons: 'identified_only'` - we will only process persons when you call `posthog.identify([distinct_id])`. Anonymous users won't get person profiles.

Reviewer: This isn't mentioned in the [ingestion RFC](https://github.com/PostHog/product-internal/pull/584/files#r1535795209). Note here to make sure these things line up.

An example configuration would be

```js-web
import posthog from 'posthog-js'
posthog.init(
    '<ph_project_api_key>',
    {
        api_host: '<ph_instance_address>',
        process_persons: 'identified_only'
    }
)
```

### Other SDKs

> When sending events from other SDKs, you can pass a `$process_persons` processing. There are two options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When sending events from other SDKs, you can pass a `$process_persons` property. There are two options:
```

## Deleting person data with the API

You can also delete persons data via the API. See the [Data Deletion docs](/docs/privacy/data-deletion) for more information.

## Events with person processing

> Events with person processing create or update an associated person profile (see above). This allows for the following features:

Reviewer 2: What is "person processing" or "events with person processing"? I read this section and I have no idea what we're referring to here

- Person profiles
- Filtering on person properties
- Merging identities across distinct_ids (ie merging anonymous users with your logged in user)
- Cohort creation
- Feature flag targeting on properties

> - Tracking initial UTM tags and referrers over time

Author: ```suggestion
- Tracking initial UTM tags and referrers across anonymous and identified users
```

However, there are many usecases that don't require this person processing. Because events that don't do person processing are cheaper for us to ingest, the pricing for these events is lower.

> Some examples of usecases that often don't require user profiles

Author: ```suggestion
Some examples of usecases that often don't require person profiles
```
